// Oliver Benjamin
// CSE 146

1. Describe how the course grade is calculated. Make sure to include assignment types and their percentages. (10 pts)
Homework Assignments: 20%
Labs: 15%
Projects: 15%
Exams (2 exams): 30%
Final Exam: 20%

2. Where are all assignments submitted and where are the grades + feedback for assignments found? (10 pts)
All assignments are submitted on Blackboard. Grades and feedback for assignments are also posted on Blackboard.

3. What is the policy regarding: (10 pts)
Late work? Late work is not accepted.
Make-up work? Make-up work is only allowed for excused absences.
Regrade requests? Regrade requests must be submitted in writing within one week of receiving the grade.

4. True or False. All assignments must be completed individually. (10 pts)
True. All assignments must be completed individually unless otherwise stated.

5. For programming assignments, what must be submitted to the CSCE Dropbox and what is its file extension? (10pts)
We use blackboard instead now, we submit the classfile with the extension '.java'

6. In the Java Programming Language, when a source code is compiled using the Java Compiler, is it compile to machine code or byte code? (10pts)
Bytecode.

7. Looking at the below code snippet, is this code error free and if so, what will it print to the console? If the code does have errors, then describe all syntax, run-time, and logic errors and how they may be fixed. (10pts)
int not comparable to double, make int i double i.

8. Looking at the below code snippet, is this code error free and if so, what will it print to the console? If the code does have errors, then describe all syntax, run-time, and logic errors and how they may be fixed. (10pts)
It will work as intended assuming the user is fine with the loop only running until i = 9.

9. Looking at the below code snippet, is this code error free and if so, what will it print to the console? If the code does have errors, then describe all syntax, run-time, and logic errors and how they may be fixed. (10pts)
j will never be less than 0.0 as it's initialized at 10.0, switch the sign < to >.

10. Looking at the below code snippet, is this code error free and if so, what will it print to the console? If the code does have errors, then describe all syntax, run-time, and logic errors and how they may be fixed. (10pts)
It will print B and D on seperate lines